################################################################################
ðŸ”¥ General Checklist to identify OB:
1. LG
2. IMB
3. BOS
4. must be located in relevent Extreme\Decisional area

WHY OB needs to be mitigated?
Because Larger Institutions uses their own fund to liquidate (LG) the Retails,
So Price needs to back to this area to allow Larger Institutions to mitigate their drawdown or allow them to exit at breakeven.

âš ï¸ [08:41] This OB is not valid. WHY? because it is at liquidity
################################################################################

################################################################################
Continuation POIs: DEC OB \ EXT OB

Decisional OB = Last Pullback before BOS
Extreme OB = Last Pullback before BOS at Extreme Level

Extreme OB = Highest Probable OB = Institutions at this level stacking the OF

âš ï¸ [40:00] Which one to choose between (DEC OB \ EXT OB) !? Base of the LQD MUST BE TAKEN
âš ï¸ [40:00] Which one is the most probable to happen (DEC OB \ EXT OB) !? Base of the LQD MUST BE TAKEN

âš ï¸ [44:20] a little move \ a real move 
âš ï¸ [48:55] DEC OB can make LQD for the EXT OB aka EQH\EQL
ðŸ”´ [55:00] OB inside LQD area create a small PB. for example EQHs
    [58:00] Inducement: Inducing you to see the wrong structure at the wrong time

[01:00:00] 
after BOS, ask yourself: 
   1. where is DEC OB!? 
   2. where is EXT OB?

[01:03:00] 
Where is the liquidity that tells us this is a Valid OB !?
This LQD makes this OB as kind of Last-Line-Of-Defence that makes this OB as a valid OB.

[01:06:00] 
Whenever you see LQD building before the OB, that telling us thats the right OB thats gonna happen

ðŸ”´ðŸ”´ðŸ”´ LQD verifies the OB ðŸ”´ðŸ”´ðŸ”´

[01:09:00] Order Flow = Consecutive mitigation of extremes
################################################################################

### #############################################################################
Reversal POIs:   S2D \ D2S

C Reversal POIs


S2D ==> Supply Failed, Demand takes the power
D2S ==> Demand Failed, Supply takes the power

Decisional S2D
Extreme S2D

Decisional D2S
Extreme D2S

ðŸ”´ðŸ”´ðŸ”´ Decisional Provides Liquidity for the Extreme ðŸ”´ðŸ”´ðŸ”´
################################################################################

################################################################################
OB Cheat Sheet

[01:49:00]
ðŸ”´ðŸ”´ðŸ”´ In order for price to go anywhere, it MUST: 
            1. React from String Enough OB
            2. Take Enough LQD, to get there. ðŸ”´ðŸ”´ðŸ”´
################################################################################

################################################################################
[01:52:00]
What if there isnt any clean structure
1. Wait for new internal-Structure to form on LTF and take extreme
2. Wait for HTF extreme
3. Identify Decisional
################################################################################

################################################################################

ðŸ”¥ Institutional Order Flow = the mitigation of extreme POIs.
Extreme\Decisional OB
Extreme\Decisional POI


General Checklist to identify OF:
1. LG
2. BOS with Imbalance
3. ENG LQD
4. Mitigate
5. Repeat

If you see an OF, Then after 3-times it is established dont follow that OF. 
WHY? because now it is Engineered Liquidity for Trendline Trader.
################################################################################

